README.md, before:

## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1 |
| <a name="requirement_helm"></a> [helm](#requirement\_helm) | 2.7.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_helm"></a> [helm](#provider\_helm) | 2.7.0 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [helm_release.grafana](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/helm/2.7.0/docs/resources/release) | resource |
| [helm_release.prometheus](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/helm/2.7.0/docs/resources/release) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_alert_manager_disk_size"></a> [alert\_manager\_disk\_size](#input\_alert\_manager\_disk\_size) | Persistent disk size for alert manager | `string` | `"5Gi"` | no |
| <a name="input_grafana_disk_size"></a> [grafana\_disk\_size](#input\_grafana\_disk\_size) | Persistent disk size for grafana | `string` | `"5Gi"` | no |
| <a name="input_grafana_ingress_class"></a> [grafana\_ingress\_class](#input\_grafana\_ingress\_class) | Ingress class name for grafana | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_grafana_ingress_extra_annotations"></a> [grafana\_ingress\_extra\_annotations](#input\_grafana\_ingress\_extra\_annotations) | Extra annotations for grafana ingress | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_grafana_ingress_host"></a> [grafana\_ingress\_host](#input\_grafana\_ingress\_host) | Ingress host name for grafana | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_grafana_ingress_overrides"></a> [grafana\_ingress\_overrides](#input\_grafana\_ingress\_overrides) | Ingress config block overrides for grafana | `map(any)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_grafana_service_account_annotations"></a> [grafana\_service\_account\_annotations](#input\_grafana\_service\_account\_annotations) | Service account annotations for grafana | `map(any)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_grafana_service_account_create"></a> [grafana\_service\_account\_create](#input\_grafana\_service\_account\_create) | Create service account for grafana to use | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_prometheus_disk_size"></a> [prometheus\_disk\_size](#input\_prometheus\_disk\_size) | Persistent disk size for prometheus | `string` | `"8Gi"` | no |
| <a name="input_prometheus_node_exporter_tolerations"></a> [prometheus\_node\_exporter\_tolerations](#input\_prometheus\_node\_exporter\_tolerations) | Prometheus node exporter tolerations list | `list(map(any))` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_prometheus_retention_period"></a> [prometheus\_retention\_period](#input\_prometheus\_retention\_period) | Retention period of prometheus metrics | `string` | `"30d"` | no |
| <a name="input_storage_class_name"></a> [storage\_class\_name](#input\_storage\_class\_name) | K8S Storage Class name for persistence | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

No outputs.

Commit message:

Added the option to insert more grafana and prometheus values.

README.md, after:

## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1 |
| <a name="requirement_helm"></a> [helm](#requirement\_helm) | 2.7.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_helm"></a> [helm](#provider\_helm) | 2.7.0 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [helm_release.grafana](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/helm/2.7.0/docs/resources/release) | resource |
| [helm_release.prometheus](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/helm/2.7.0/docs/resources/release) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_alert_manager_disk_size"></a> [alert\_manager\_disk\_size](#input\_alert\_manager\_disk\_size) | Persistent disk size for alert manager | `string` | `"5Gi"` | no |
| <a name="input_grafana_disk_size"></a> [grafana\_disk\_size](#input\_grafana\_disk\_size) | Persistent disk size for grafana | `string` | `"5Gi"` | no |
| <a name="input_grafana_ingress_class"></a> [grafana\_ingress\_class](#input\_grafana\_ingress\_class) | Ingress class name for grafana | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_grafana_ingress_extra_annotations"></a> [grafana\_ingress\_extra\_annotations](#input\_grafana\_ingress\_extra\_annotations) | Extra annotations for grafana ingress | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_grafana_ingress_host"></a> [grafana\_ingress\_host](#input\_grafana\_ingress\_host) | Ingress host name for grafana | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_grafana_ingress_overrides"></a> [grafana\_ingress\_overrides](#input\_grafana\_ingress\_overrides) | Ingress config block overrides for grafana | `map(any)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_grafana_service_account_annotations"></a> [grafana\_service\_account\_annotations](#input\_grafana\_service\_account\_annotations) | Service account annotations for grafana | `map(any)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_grafana_service_account_create"></a> [grafana\_service\_account\_create](#input\_grafana\_service\_account\_create) | Create service account for grafana to use | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_grafana_values"></a> [grafana\_values](#input\_grafana\_values) | A list of extra values to pass into the Grafana helm chart. | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_prometheus_disk_size"></a> [prometheus\_disk\_size](#input\_prometheus\_disk\_size) | Persistent disk size for prometheus | `string` | `"8Gi"` | no |
| <a name="input_prometheus_node_exporter_tolerations"></a> [prometheus\_node\_exporter\_tolerations](#input\_prometheus\_node\_exporter\_tolerations) | Prometheus node exporter tolerations list | `list(map(any))` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_prometheus_retention_period"></a> [prometheus\_retention\_period](#input\_prometheus\_retention\_period) | Retention period of prometheus metrics | `string` | `"30d"` | no |
| <a name="input_prometheus_values"></a> [prometheus\_values](#input\_prometheus\_values) | A list of extra values to pass into the Prometheus helm chart. | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_storage_class_name"></a> [storage\_class\_name](#input\_storage\_class\_name) | K8S Storage Class name for persistence | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

No outputs.
